README.md, before:

## Full stack NFT marketplace built with Polygon, Solidity, IPFS, & Next.js

Based on **How to Build a Full Stack NFT Marketplace - V2 (2022)** by Nader Dabit.

Article: [Building a Full Stack NFT Marketplace on Ethereum with Polygon](https://dev.to/dabit3/building-scalable-full-stack-apps-on-ethereum-with-polygon-2cfb).

Original [repo](https://github.com/dabit3/polygon-ethereum-nextjs-marketplace/).

Using this docker image you can run the marketplace on local hardhat or on the Polygon Mumbai test net.
  

# Docker

### Build

docker build . -t nftmarketplace;

  

### Run

docker run -it -d -p 8545:8545 -p 3000:3000 --name nftm nftmarketplace;
  

#### Run the Marketplace on localhost
Connect to the container's console (I'm using Docker Desktop).
Start local hardhat

    $yarn start:local

Deploy Smart Contracts

    $yarn deploy:local

 Start web client

    $yarn client:dev

#### Run the Marketplace on Polygon
Connect to the container's console (I'm using Docker Desktop).
Deploy Smart Contracts on Polygon Mumbai testnet

    $yarn deploy:mumbai

 Start web client

    $yarn client:dev


#### Useful commands

See docker logs:

docker logs -f nftm;

Commit message:

Added some more fixes related to the steps needed to be performed in order to successfully launch the project inside a docker container

README.md, after:

## Full stack NFT marketplace built with Polygon, Solidity, IPFS, & Next.js

Based on **How to Build a Full Stack NFT Marketplace - V2 (2022)** by Nader Dabit.

Article: [Building a Full Stack NFT Marketplace on Ethereum with Polygon](https://dev.to/dabit3/building-scalable-full-stack-apps-on-ethereum-with-polygon-2cfb).

Original [repo](https://github.com/dabit3/polygon-ethereum-nextjs-marketplace/).

Using this docker image you can run the marketplace on local hardhat or on the Polygon Mumbai test net.
  

# Docker

### Build

docker build . -t nftmarketplace;

  

### Instantiate a new container

docker run -it -d -p 8545:8545 -p 3000:3000 --name nftm nftmarketplace;  

### Compile Smart Contract

#### Run the Marketplace on localhost
Connect to the container's console (I'm using Docker Desktop).
Start local hardhat

    $yarn start:local &

Compile smart contracts. You need to do this specifically because the Hardhat task that will be invoked 
at the next step won't download the Solidity compiler.
    $npx hardhat compile


Deploy Smart Contracts

    $yarn deploy:local

 Start web client

    $yarn client:dev

#### Run the Marketplace on Polygon
Connect to the container's console (I'm using Docker Desktop).
Deploy Smart Contracts on Polygon Mumbai testnet

    $yarn deploy:mumbai

 Start web client

    $yarn client:dev


#### Useful commands

See docker logs:

docker logs -f nftm;
